http://data.totl.net/element/Air	The Alchemical Element of Air
http://data.totl.net/element/Fire	The Alchemical Element of Fire
http://data.totl.net/element/Water	The Alchemical Element of Water
http://data.totl.net/planet/Jupiter	The Planet Jupiter
http://data.totl.net/planet/Mars	The Planet Mars
http://data.totl.net/planet/Mercury	The Planet Mercury
http://data.totl.net/planet/Moon	The Moon
http://data.totl.net/planet/Saturn	The Planet Saturn
http://data.totl.net/planet/Sun	The Sun
http://data.totl.net/planet/Venus	The Planet Venus
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/AceOfCups	Ace of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/AceOfPentacles	Ace of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/AceOfSwords	Ace of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/AceOfWands	Ace of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Chariot	Chariot
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Death	Death
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Devil	Devil
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/EightOfCups	Eight of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/EightOfPentacles	Eight of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/EightOfSwords	Eight of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/EightOfWands	Eight of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Emperor	Emperor
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Empress	Empress
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/FiveOfCups	Five of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/FiveOfPentacles	Five of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/FiveOfSwords	Five of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/FiveOfWands	Five of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Fool	Fool
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/FourOfCups	Four of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/FourOfPentacles	Four of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/FourOfSwords	Four of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/FourOfWands	Four of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/HangedMan	Hanged Man
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Hermit	Hermit
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Hierophant	Hierophant
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/HighPriestess	High Priestess
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Judgement	Judgement
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Justice	Justice
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/KingOfCups	King of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/KingOfPentacles	King of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/KingOfSwords	King of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/KingOfWands	King of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/KnightOfCups	Knight of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/KnightOfPentacles	Knight of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/KnightOfSwords	Knight of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/KnightOfWands	Knight of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Lovers	Lovers
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Magician	Magician
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Moon	Moon
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/NineOfCups	Nine of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/NineOfPentacles	Nine of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/NineOfSwords	Nine of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/NineOfWands	Nine of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/PageOfCups	Page of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/PageOfPentacles	Page of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/PageOfSwords	Page of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/PageOfWands	Page of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/QueenOfCups	Queen of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/QueenOfPentacles	Queen of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/QueenOfSwords	Queen of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/QueenOfWands	Queen of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/SevenOfCups	Seven of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/SevenOfPentacles	Seven of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/SevenOfSwords	Seven of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/SevenOfWands	Seven of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/SixOfCups	Six of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/SixOfPentacles	Six of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/SixOfSwords	Six of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/SixOfWands	Six of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Star	Star
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Strength	Strength
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Sun	Sun
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Temperance	Temperance
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/TenOfCups	Ten of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/TenOfPentacles	Ten of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/TenOfSwords	Ten of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/TenOfWands	Ten of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/ThreeOfCups	Three of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/ThreeOfPentacles	Three of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/ThreeOfSwords	Three of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/ThreeOfWands	Three of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/Tower	Tower
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/TwoOfCups	Two of Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/TwoOfPentacles	Two of Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/TwoOfSwords	Two of Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/TwoOfWands	Two of Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/WheelofFortune	Wheel of Fortune
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/card/World	World
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/suit/Cups	Cups
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/suit/Pentacles	Pentacles
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/suit/Swords	Swords
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/suit/Wands	Wands
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/Ace	Ace
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/Eight	Eight
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/Five	Five
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/Four	Four
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/King	King
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/Knight	Knight
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/Nine	Nine
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/Page	Page
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/Queen	Queen
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/Seven	Seven
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/Six	Six
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/Ten	Ten
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/Three	Three
http://data.totl.net/tarot-rwcs/value/Two	Two
http://data.totl.net/zodiac/Aquarius	Aquarius in the Zodiac
http://data.totl.net/zodiac/Aries	Aries in the Zodiac
http://data.totl.net/zodiac/Cancer	Cancer in the Zodiac
http://data.totl.net/zodiac/Capricorn	Capricorn in the Zodiac
http://data.totl.net/zodiac/Gemini	Gemini in the Zodiac
http://data.totl.net/zodiac/Leo	Leo in the Zodiac
http://data.totl.net/zodiac/Libra	Libra in the Zodiac
http://data.totl.net/zodiac/Pisces	Pisces in the Zodiac
http://data.totl.net/zodiac/Sagittarius	Sagittarius in the Zodiac
http://data.totl.net/zodiac/Scorpio	Scorpio in the Zodiac
http://data.totl.net/zodiac/Taurus	Taurus in the Zodiac
http://data.totl.net/zodiac/Virgo	Virgo in the Zodiac
